♪
[gunshots]
Huh! What?
[groans]
What is going on?
Why are none
of my attacks working?
♪
[gun clicks]
[gunshots]
[body thuds]
[RYOTA] I thought that homing
bullet would do the trick,
but all of my special ammo
just goes right through it!
[kicks]
♪
[gunshots]
[RYOTA] No dice
on the fusion bullets either.
This thing is faster
and stronger than me.
I can't possibly win!
But that's no excuse to give up!
There must be a way
to defeat it!
Is that.
[creaking]
-[rattles]
-It is!
Well, what do you know.
[gun clicks]
[gunshots]
Gotcha now!
Your body becomes
corporeal when you attack.
It's your one weakness,
but I bet you didn't even
know about it, did ya?
You remember that bullet
you pulled out of your foot
a minute ago?
That baby was a homing bullet.
And lucky for me,
it's homing ability kicked in
at the exact moment
your attacking
foot became corporeal.
It's so simple, really.
All I had do is fire
a mega ton of bullets
in your general vicinity.
Aiming's irrelevant
since they'll always find you
the moment you attack.
[gunshot]
Sadly, I'm all out
of homing bullets,
but it doesn't matter now
that I shaved down
your speed and power.
I've leveled the playing field!
And when the odds are even,
I'll win this game every time!
[gasps]
[body thuds]
♪
[gunshots]
[sighs]
[EMILY]
Yota!
Talk to me. Come on.
Are you all right?
Please say something!
Hey, Emily.
What's a pretty girl like you
doing in a place like...
[groans]
You got beat up real bad, huh?
I just need
a good ol' healing bullet.
That'll fix me right up.
[groans]
[sighs]
[clicks]
[gunshot]
Uh! Thank you.
I feel like you've been
saving me a lot lately.
[EMILY]
What a silly thing to say.
Items are dropping in
dungeons like normal.
You saved all of Secro.
You're always
helping other people
when they need you most.
But still.
Yes?
Even if it's for
a really good reason,
I just wish you wouldn't
push yourself so hard.
♪
You give everything you have
without a second thought.
I know you can heal
your wounds and all,
but that doesn't make it easier
to see you suffering
and in pain!
You have a sweet heart, Emily.
But honestly,
it wasn't actually my intention
to run off and save the town.
Blame my feet.
They came here on their own.
I do worry about how hard
you push yourself.
But then I remember that's
just what makes you you!
[RYOTA] At least
all that effort was worth it.
Bean sprout soup!
Seems that old Emily classic
is back on the menu, huh?
Of course! I'll make you some
as soon as we're back home safe.
[RYOTA]
Huh!
Uh!
Guess this must be what
the dungeon master dropped.
[DUNGEON]
When this ring is equipped.
It's so weird.
No one in town has any idea
that you saved the day.
I can't wait another minute
to let them know.
No need.
Getting that much attention
sounds like
a whole lotta hassle.
And don't forget
what I told you before.
I didn't really do all that to
save the town. I was just...
[CELESTE]
Ryota!
Hmm!
There's no need to face
danger alone!
Please count on me
to help you from now on.
[chuckles]
I'm sorry.
I'll try to keep that in mind.
That one was mean.
I get the feeling that
it wouldn't have made
a very good friend for me.
I won't disagree with that.
Here's to better luck next time.
[EVE]
I'm suffering
from a serious carrot deficit,
you know!
Easy, I gotcha.
I'll stock up at Telulu
on the way back home, okay?
I'll go with you!
Yes, and so will I.
Less talk more carrots!
We'll all go together!
♪
[RYOTA] I hope they know
they're the real reason
that I just couldn't give up
back there.
So, this ring
that the dungeon master dropped.
If the description that came
along with it is accurate,
this thing is incredibly
powerful.
[growls]
[gunshots]
And that makes for an even ten.
-[BUTLER] Hey, there! Mr. Sato!
-Hmm!
Hey! Hard at work again, I see.
Hi. I hope you're
having a lovely morning.
Remember that idea
you had a while back?
About changing
our business to sell rings?
Well, we've run into a problem.
That approach makes dragons
our main target.
And our beloved princess
can't finish one off by herself.
[RYOTA] Well, that does
make it difficult.
It's quite unprecedented.
After all, she has
such a high level.
[RYOTA]
Does she, now?
[BUTLER]
Of course!
Her maximum level is 99,
and she's currently at level 94.
She'll reach 95 any day now.
Huh?
♪
[BUTLER]
See? It's as I said.
[RYOTA]
Yeah.
So even though
her level keeps going up,
her abilities never improve.
Nothing's worse than working as
hard as you can all for nothing.
Hey, hold out your hand.
Hmm! You mean like this?
Huh! Look,
I actually leveled up!
[ALL gasp]
[RYOTA] It's true, this ring
turns any experience
gained after maxing out
your level into a crystal.
I couldn't quite wrap my head
around it,
but this is undeniable proof
that it works!
[MARGARET]
Oh, my!
Something wrong?
My ranks went up.
Every last one of them!
[ALL gasp]
Whoa, what are the odds of that!
This proves all your hard work
is paying off
and wait, hang on a sec.
Give me your hand again, okay?
Um, sure.
I've miraculously
leveled up once again!
[ALL]
What?
[RYOTA]
Just as I suspected!
What do you mean by that?
[RYOTA] The princess
is a majorly late bloomer.
Her drop rates were E
at level 95,
and D at level 96.
When she reaches level 99,
they'll be A rank.
I'm sure of it!
[chuckles]
[ALL] Hail Princess Margaret!
Hear, hear!
What you said before was right.
All of my hard work
has paid off.
I'm so grateful to you
for teaching me
such a valuable lesson.
It's nothing.
Had to test the crystals
out anyway.
Last time I asked you to accept
my very first ring as a token
of my deep appreciation.
But now.
I offer my heartfelt admiration
as well as every other
"first" thing. Ever.
Oh, um, right. That's very nice,
but also wholly unnecessary.
And sorry, but I've gotta go
take care of something.
See ya later!
Huh!
[ALL]
Hooray! Hooray! Hooray!
[RYOTA] I went to every
veggie vendor in town
and bought all the bean sprouts
and carrots I could get.
I won't rest until all
of our levels are maxed out!
Question.
Does that mean we're going
to turn all of those into strays
and then try
to defeat them together?
[RYOTA] Nah, I have a way
more efficient method in mind.
This ring turns leftover
experience points into crystals.
Which I can, in turn,
share with the rest of you!
Oh, that must be
what the dungeon master dropped
yesterday.
It's a nice thought,
but is it actually possible?
Sure is.
But Alice here has
already maxed out her level.
So that just leaves,
you, Emily, and Eve.
I'm already maxed out on level,
but not carrots.
[grunts]
These carrots
were born to be eaten.
Calm down, Eve.
Please just be patient.
Then Yota will give you even
tastier carrots
than those little things.
Yeah. Patience.
You know I'm good for it.
You can trust me.
Hmm!
It's not fair, but fine.
I can wait.
All right,
then let's get started!
♪
[gunshots]
[RYOTA]
Any regular bullets
they drop automatically
go in my pouch,
ensuring
I won't run out of ammo.
Act fast, you two!
Take turns grabbing
the crystals!
♪
Oh! I really did
level up from that!
He already has
this whole crazy process
down to a fine art.
He's the perfect example
of a first-class adventurer.
Look at that. I had no clue.
The leader of the party
I joined is super amazing!
No one in the world
is better than my Yota!
Roasted carrots.
Toasted carrots.
Baked carrots. Caked carrots.
♪
[EMILY]
Oh, wow!
My level's maxed out now?
And my vitality
went up to A rank, too!
[beeps]
[RYOTA] One of your drop
rates went up a bit as well.
[EMILY]
That's so great!
Now it's your turn to see
how much you've improved.
♪
[EMILY]
Look, your MP is A-rank now!
Hmm!
[beeps]
[gasps]
You're officially kicked
out of Team All-F Drops!
-I'm so grateful!
-I am, too! Thank you, Yota!
But still, I can't help being
just a little bit sad.
You worked so hard
but didn't get any experience.
Must be super frustrating.
[RYOTA] You're wrong.
I've gained tons of experience.
It's not exactly the kind
you can level up with,
but the experience
I've gained here is priceless.
Like the memories we've made.
I'm so lucky to have this ring.
It lets me take what I've earned
and share it
with the people I care about.
-What could be better?
-Oh, Yota.
[RYOTA]
Anyhoo!
Now that
we've all maxed out our levels,
I guess that means
the Ryota Family
is ready to move on
to the next challenge!
[ALL]
Yeah!
[EVE]
The next carrot?
[RYOTA] It's your time to shine!
Go, Emily!
[EMILY]
Um. Okay then!
[ALL]
And now.
[RYOTA]
A word from the director!
♪
[MALE TOWNSPERSON 1] Oh, that
must be the famous Ryota Family!
They haven't been
together very long,
but they're already on fire.
[MALE TOWNSPERSON 2]
The little blonde
with the giant hammer is Emily.
I hear she got her weapon
from a special merchant.
[MALE TOWNSPERSON 3]
And the brunette is Celeste,
a magic user.
She also excels at
intel gathering.
[MALE TOWNSPERSON 4]
Somehow they even tamed
the Killer Rabbit!
And I hear the new girl
they just recruited
has the power to command
monsters! How cool!
[MALE TOWNSPERSON 5]
That Ryota Sato guy
really knows how to bring
together top talent.
That's not a name
I'll soon forget!
[ALICE]
If I'm being honest,
I don't really
get the point of all this.
As long as one member of a party
has a license,
the others don't need one,
right?
That's true,
but it's better to have one
because you never know
when it will come in handy.
It will mean good things
for our family, too.
Us all having them
makes us look stronger.
And there's always a chance
we'll need them for some quest
that comes along.
Well said. Today we'll be
getting licenses for Emily
and Celeste to go below
the fifth level of Telulu.
It'll be easy
with your skill levels
so there's no reason
to be nervous.
Alice, this will help you
prepare to get
your own license someday.
-And, Eve...
-[EVE] I have a license.
What I don't have
is enough carrots.
[RYOTA] Um, right. I should
have expected that response.
♪
[MALE EXAMINER] They truly
are Ryota Family material!
They both pass
with flying colors!
[BOTH chuckle]
[RYOTA] We've all officially
maxed out our levels now.
And congrats to both Emily
and Celeste
for getting their licenses.
I couldn't be prouder of
what our little family has done
in such a short time.
Agreed for sure!
So, now what?
What'll we do next, Ryota?
We'll go our separate ways.
Just for a little while.
[ALL]
What?
We'll each be responsible
for mining our own
hunting ground,
assigned based on our skills.
I want to learn
where each of us excels,
what makes us the happiest,
and how much profit
we can rake in on average.
So, what do you think?
That does make a lot of sense!
It's for the good of the family.
I'll get potions to up
your drop rates.
Use as many as you need.
I can easily get us some more.
That said.
No working overtime
even if you didn't earn
as much as you'd like.
There'll be no
arguments on that one.
And we'll all do our very best
to get together for lunch
and dinner every single day.
-Understood?
-[ALL] Sir, yes, sir!
[growls]
[gunshots]
[sighs]
[gulps]
Okay! Time to share our results.
Well, on average,
I hit a new record these
last six days.
Earning the equivalent
of 120,000 pilos per day.
What does
"the equivalent of" mean?
It means I ate them all.
120,000 pilos in carrots,
six days in a row?
I also managed
a new daily record!
160,000 pilos!
As for the two of us,
we earned 215,123 pilos.
Over a 100,000 each!
Not too bad at all!
My turn. 1,560,000.
[ALL gasp]
That means working together
we can rake in just about
two million pilos
every single day.
I know that without a doubt now.
Do you have something
in mind to spend it on?
[RYOTA]
Heck, yeah.
Something I've been
putting off for a while now.
A magic cart for each of us!
It's time!
-[rattles]
-[shuts]
[ALICE]
Wow, what just happened?
Anything that fits in the cart
can be sent here.
It's Orton's latest
and greatest model.
How's that for premium quality?
[ALL sigh]
[EMILY] Looks like Eve's already
mastered that functionality!
That really is a handy feature.
It means we'll never get stuck
in a dungeon with a full cart.
We can keep right on mining
without having to make
a trip to town.
That sounds nice.
But I have a question.
[RYOTA]
What's on your mind?
How do we get the items
we send here to the trader?
[RYOTA]
Uh.
So, what I'm saying is.
Even if we gather everything
at home first,
we'd still have to make multiple
trips between here and there
to trade
all our drops for the day.
Just one day's worth of doing
your own trips here
is already something to behold.
And your daily record's
unbelievable,
sixteen visits here
in a single day!
I'm impressed
you kept track of that.
She keeps track of everything
when it comes to you!
Shouldn't you be doing something
productive about now?
Probably, yeah.
So, more importantly.
Please tell me
we can still count on you
to keep doing business here
with us exclusively!
Sure. How can I say no
when you've done so much for me?
That's why I'm hoping
for your help
in making this work.
I won't let you down.
I'll discuss this
with the owner.
[RYOTA]
So, there you have it!
Erza's working exclusively
for us now.
Our numbers are gonna go
through the roof!
I'm looking
forward to helping you out.
So you'll be doing
your calculations here
and then making the arrangements
for collection?
That's wonderful.
And you'll be here with us
every day,
except for on holidays!
I think it's safe to say that
you're officially a member
of the Yota Family!
Now there's not a thing
in the world
that's standing in our way.
We can all go mine drops
to our hearts' content!
[ALL]
Yeah!
[RYOTA]
What a world.
I'm so grateful that I ended up
as a drop here
and left my old life behind.
I thought this was supposed
to be a welcome party for Erza.
I can understand
why Eyna's here for that.
But what are you doing here?
I've been dying
to visit your house.
I couldn't resist the chance.
You can't just show up
somewhere you weren't invited!
You even brought
your whole crew with you!
Aww. We're not welcome?
Please, Yota?
Having more guests here
will only make the party
that much more fun!
That's that.
Your partner has
made her wishes crystal clear.
It's out of your hands!
Whatever. Just do what you want.
-[doorbell rings]
-Huh?
-[door opens]
-Hello?
Um, hello there.
I still haven't thanked
you for your help earlier.
So, um.
They're just some simple flowers
but I hope you'll accept them.
[RYOTA] Oh, thanks.
Would you like to come in?
We would be honored
to join you, Mr. Sato!
We have an idea
for the princess' next product,
but we'd like your opinion
on the matter!
Let's please hold off
on business talk.
[EMILY]
Each new guest.
Makes a party way
more fun than it was before!
[MARGARET]
Thank you for having us.
Hey! Looks like quite a shindig.
[OLGA]
Daddy!
You can't go in
without their permission!
Won't you please join us?
I'm sure we'll have
a much better time with you
and your daddy around.
Sorry to intrude. I'm dropping
off a thank-you gift.
[RYOTA]
For what?
I hear you're the one
who defeated the dungeon master.
This is your reward.
A year's supply of sugar cubes!
And I won't hear a word
about how it's too generous!
That's not what
I was going to say.
[EVE]
Hey, Low Level!
There aren't enough carrots.
Um, Ryota. What happened?
The ratio of men to women
in this place
is way out of balance!
Hey, good news!
It's about Bonesy and Jiggly.
They told me they're excited
to make friends with Olga!
[sighs]
It's great that everyone's
having such a lovely time!
What a party!
We're so lucky
to have this many friends
to celebrate with us!
♪
[RYOTA] When I first arrived
in this world.
I was gifted
with a unique skill.
Since then, my life has
been full of good fortune.
I wonder what the old me
would think
if he could see me now.
Though the truth is.
♪
It's not the skill
that's made me so happy.
[chuckles]
[sighs]
It's looking like we're going
to need a lot more food.
Guess I'll run out
to the dungeon and stock up.
[ALL]
Okay! We'll go with you!